i like to widen my vocals just a little
bit on this song because i think it'll
help it sit in the mix better wrap
vocals things like that i probably
wouldn't widen them we've got an
incredible amount of different
techniques
to do that it's better to commit and fix
it later than to keep trying and and
drive yourself crazy a b and we're
mixing we're not trying to beta test
plug-ins look at that
five exclamation points best delay ever
by dave pensada
you got to be careful with this one
because this bbd adds a lot of uh ocean
noise
so you gotta really be careful with it
you think you're sleeping every time but
keep believing
you think you're jesus
every time but keep believing
jesus like a snake you think you're
sleeping every time but keep believing
jesus
[Music]
you think you're sleeping every time
sometimes what i do is i uh
on
some plugins i make sure i got left and
right information
[Music]
okay that sounds like it's broken which
i like
[Music]
okay this this might surprise you a
little tiny bit
you always need a little bit of d verb
in whatever you do because uh
it's d verb
su
well you guys weren't looking i got a
couple things going here you think
you're sleeping every time
i'm gonna mute this this for a moment
you think you're sleeping every time but
keep believing
[Music]
sleeping jesus time but keep believing
jay says like a snake you think you're
sleeping every time but keep believing
she says like a snake you think you're
jesus
this is one of my favorite favorite
favorite reverbs of all time
unfortunately it can be expensive unless
you buy it through isotope
you think you're sleeping every time but
keep believing
this tail suppression is that where the
all the all the money is you think
you're sleeping every time we're gonna
have
one two three
four five
plug-ins that give us
a stereo image right so now let's
picture our vocalist right here in the
middle we we widen it with this one we
light it with this one all of a sudden
she's not in your face she's just spread
out threat to what spread too wide you
think you're sleeping every time but
you think you're sleeping every time i
keep on we got five different things
making our vocal wider so anybody want
to take a guess what what we use to
bring back the middle and control the
amount of middle information we have
i'll give you a hint it begins with the
letter j
there's a smart group
so this is what i got you think you're
sleeping every time yeah the middle is
kind of fuzzy
every time
you think you're sleeping every time but
keep
i think right in here every time i keep
on now
[Applause]
what i do i always run it on preak
because if i turn my vocal up i change
the whole dynamic you're slipping every
time i keep
you